# 5.3.23 configure help info

```bash
`configure' configures this package to adapt to many kinds of systems.

Usage: src/5.3.23/configure [OPTION]... [VAR=VALUE]...

To assign environment variables (e.g., CC, CFLAGS...), specify them as
VAR=VALUE.  See below for descriptions of some of the useful variables.

Defaults for the options are specified in brackets.

Configuration:
  -h, --help              display this help and exit
      --help=short        display options specific to this package
      --help=recursive    display the short help of all the included packages
  -V, --version           display version information and exit
  -q, --quiet, --silent   do not print `checking...' messages
      --cache-file=FILE   cache test results in FILE [disabled]
  -C, --config-cache      alias for `--cache-file=config.cache'
  -n, --no-create         do not create output files
      --srcdir=DIR        find the sources in DIR [configure dir or `..']

Installation directories:
  --prefix=PREFIX         install architecture-independent files in PREFIX
			  [/usr/local]
  --exec-prefix=EPREFIX   install architecture-dependent files in EPREFIX
			  [PREFIX]

By default, `make install' will install all the files in
`/usr/local/bin', `/usr/local/lib' etc.  You can specify
an installation prefix other than `/usr/local' using `--prefix',
for instance `--prefix=$HOME'.

For better control, use the options below.

Fine tuning of the installation directories:
  --bindir=DIR           user executables [EPREFIX/bin]
  --sbindir=DIR          system admin executables [EPREFIX/sbin]
  --libexecdir=DIR       program executables [EPREFIX/libexec]
  --datadir=DIR          read-only architecture-independent data [PREFIX/share]
  --sysconfdir=DIR       read-only single-machine data [PREFIX/etc]
  --sharedstatedir=DIR   modifiable architecture-independent data [PREFIX/com]
  --localstatedir=DIR    modifiable single-machine data [PREFIX/var]
  --libdir=DIR           object code libraries [EPREFIX/lib]
  --includedir=DIR       C header files [PREFIX/include]
  --oldincludedir=DIR    C header files for non-gcc [/usr/include]
  --infodir=DIR          info documentation [PREFIX/info]
  --mandir=DIR           man documentation [PREFIX/man]

System types:
  --build=BUILD     configure for building on BUILD [guessed]
  --host=HOST       cross-compile to build programs to run on HOST [BUILD]
  --target=TARGET   configure for building compilers for TARGET [HOST]

Optional Features:
  --disable-FEATURE       do not include FEATURE (same as --enable-FEATURE=no)
  --enable-FEATURE[=ARG]  include FEATURE [ARG=yes]
  --disable-rpath         Disable passing additional runtime library
                          search paths
  --enable-re2c-cgoto     Enable -g flag to re2c to use computed goto gcc extension

SAPI modules:

  --enable-mod-charset      APACHE: Enable transfer tables for mod_charset (Rus Apache)
  --enable-mod-charset      APACHE (hooks): Enable transfer tables for mod_charset (Rus Apache)
  --disable-cli           Disable building CLI version of PHP
                          (this forces --without-pear)
  --enable-embed=TYPE   EXPERIMENTAL: Enable building of embedded SAPI library
                          TYPE is either 'shared' or 'static'. TYPE=shared
  --enable-fpm              EXPERIMENTAL: Enable building of the fpm SAPI executable
  --enable-roxen-zts        ROXEN: Build the Roxen module using Zend Thread Safety
  --disable-cgi           Disable building CGI version of PHP

General settings:

  --enable-gcov           Enable GCOV code coverage (requires LTP) - FOR DEVELOPERS ONLY!!
  --enable-debug          Compile with debugging symbols
  --enable-safe-mode      Enable safe mode by default
  --enable-sigchild       Enable PHP's own SIGCHLD handler
  --enable-magic-quotes   Enable magic quotes by default.
  --enable-libgcc         Enable explicitly linking against libgcc
  --disable-short-tags    Disable the short-form <? start tag by default
  --enable-dmalloc        Enable dmalloc
  --disable-ipv6          Disable IPv6 support
  --enable-fd-setsize     Set size of descriptor sets

Extensions:

  --with-EXTENSION=shared[,PATH]

    NOTE: Not all extensions can be build as 'shared'.

    Example: --with-foobar=shared,/usr/local/foobar/

      o Builds the foobar extension as shared extension.
      o foobar package install prefix is /usr/local/foobar/


 --disable-all   Disable all extensions which are enabled by default

  --disable-libxml        Disable LIBXML support
  --enable-bcmath         Enable bc style precision math functions
  --enable-calendar       Enable support for calendar conversion
  --disable-ctype         Disable ctype functions
  --enable-dba            Build DBA with bundled modules. To build shared DBA
                          extension use --enable-dba=shared
  --disable-inifile         DBA: INI support (bundled)
  --disable-flatfile        DBA: FlatFile support (bundled)
  --disable-dom           Disable DOM support
  --enable-exif           Enable EXIF (metadata from images) support
  --disable-fileinfo      Disable fileinfo support
  --disable-filter        Disable input filter support
  --enable-ftp            Enable FTP support
  --enable-gd-native-ttf    GD: Enable TrueType string function
  --enable-gd-jis-conv      GD: Enable JIS-mapped Japanese font support
  --disable-hash          Disable hash support
  --enable-intl           Enable internationalization support
  --disable-json          Disable JavaScript Object Serialization support
  --enable-mbstring       Enable multibyte string support
  --disable-mbregex         MBSTRING: Disable multibyte regex support
  --disable-mbregex-backtrack
                            MBSTRING: Disable multibyte regex backtrack check
  --enable-embedded-mysqli  MYSQLi: Enable embedded support
                            Note: Does not work with MySQL native driver!
  --enable-pcntl          Enable pcntl support (CLI/CGI only)
  --disable-pdo           Disable PHP Data Objects support
  --disable-phar          Disable phar support
  --disable-posix         Disable POSIX-like functions
  --disable-session       Disable session support
  --enable-shmop          Enable shmop support
  --disable-simplexml     Disable SimpleXML support
  --enable-ucd-snmp-hack    SNMP: Enable UCD SNMP hack
  --enable-soap           Enable SOAP support
  --enable-sockets        Enable sockets support
  --enable-sqlite-utf8      SQLite: Enable UTF-8 support for SQLite
  --enable-sysvmsg        Enable sysvmsg support
  --enable-sysvsem        Enable System V semaphore support
  --enable-sysvshm        Enable the System V shared memory support
  --disable-tokenizer     Disable tokenizer support
  --enable-wddx           Enable WDDX support
  --disable-xml           Disable XML support
  --disable-xmlreader     Disable XMLReader support
  --disable-xmlwriter     Disable XMLWriter support
  --enable-zip            Include Zip read/write support
  --enable-mysqlnd        Enable mysqlnd explicitly, will be done implicitly
                          when required by other extensions
  --disable-mysqlnd-compression-support
                            Disable support for the MySQL compressed protocol in mysqlnd

PEAR:


Zend:

  --enable-maintainer-zts Enable thread safety - for code maintainers only!!
  --disable-inline-optimization
                          If building zend_execute.lo fails, try this switch
  --enable-zend-multibyte Compile with zend multibyte support

TSRM:


Libtool:

  --enable-shared=PKGS  build shared libraries default=yes
  --enable-static=PKGS  build static libraries default=yes
  --enable-fast-install=PKGS  optimize for fast installation default=yes
  --disable-libtool-lock  avoid locking (might break parallel builds)

Optional Packages:
  --with-PACKAGE[=ARG]    use PACKAGE [ARG=yes]
  --without-PACKAGE       do not use PACKAGE (same as --with-PACKAGE=no)
  --with-libdir=NAME      Look for libraries in .../NAME rather than .../lib
  --with-aolserver=DIR    Specify path to the installed AOLserver
  --with-apxs=FILE      Build shared Apache 1.x module. FILE is the optional
                          pathname to the Apache apxs tool apxs
  --with-apache=DIR     Build Apache 1.x module. DIR is the top-level Apache
                          build directory /usr/local/apache
  --with-apxs2filter=FILE
                          EXPERIMENTAL: Build shared Apache 2.0 Filter module. FILE is the optional
                          pathname to the Apache apxs tool apxs
  --with-apxs2=FILE     Build shared Apache 2.0 Handler module. FILE is the optional
                          pathname to the Apache apxs tool apxs
  --with-apache-hooks=FILE
                          EXPERIMENTAL: Build shared Apache 1.x module. FILE is the optional
                          pathname to the Apache apxs tool apxs
  --with-apache-hooks-static=DIR
                          EXPERIMENTAL: Build Apache 1.x module. DIR is the top-level Apache
                          build directory /usr/local/apache
  --with-caudium=DIR    Build PHP as a Pike module for use with Caudium.
                          DIR is the Caudium server dir /usr/local/caudium/server
  --with-continuity=DIR   Build PHP as Continuity Server module.
                          DIR is path to the installed Continuity Server root
  --with-fpm-user=USER  Set the user for php-fpm to run as. (default: nobody)
  --with-fpm-group=GRP  Set the group for php-fpm to run as. For a system user, this
                  should usually be set to match the fpm username (default: nobody)
  --with-isapi=DIR      Build PHP as an ISAPI module for use with Zeus
  --with-litespeed        Build PHP as litespeed module
  --with-milter=DIR     Build PHP as Milter application
  --with-nsapi=DIR        Build PHP as NSAPI module for Netscape/iPlanet/Sun Webserver
  --with-phttpd=DIR       Build PHP as phttpd module
  --with-pi3web=DIR     Build PHP as Pi3Web module
  --with-roxen=DIR        Build PHP as a Pike module. DIR is the base Roxen
                          directory, normally /usr/local/roxen/server
  --with-thttpd=SRCDIR    Build PHP as thttpd module
  --with-tux=MODULEDIR    Build PHP as a TUX module (Linux only)
  --with-webjames=SRCDIR  Build PHP as a WebJames module (RISC OS only)
  --with-layout=TYPE      Set how installed files will be laid out.  Type can
                          be either PHP or GNU PHP
  --with-config-file-path=PATH
                          Set the path in which to look for php.ini PREFIX/lib
  --with-config-file-scan-dir=PATH
                          Set the path where to scan for configuration files
  --with-exec-dir=DIR   Only allow executables in DIR under safe-mode
                          /usr/local/php/bin
  --with-regex=TYPE       regex library type: system, php. TYPE=php
                          WARNING: Do NOT use unless you know what you are doing!
  --with-libxml-dir=DIR   LIBXML: libxml2 install prefix
  --with-openssl=DIR    Include OpenSSL support (requires OpenSSL >= 0.9.6)
  --with-kerberos=DIR     OPENSSL: Include Kerberos support
  --with-pcre-regex=DIR   Include Perl Compatible Regular Expressions support.
                          DIR is the PCRE install prefix BUNDLED
  --without-sqlite3=DIR Do not include SQLite3 support. DIR is the prefix to
                          SQLite3 installation directory.
  --with-zlib=DIR       Include ZLIB support (requires zlib >= 1.0.9)
  --with-zlib-dir=<DIR>   Define the location of zlib install directory
  --with-bz2=DIR        Include BZip2 support
  --with-curl=DIR       Include cURL support
  --with-curlwrappers     EXPERIMENTAL: Use cURL for url streams
  --with-qdbm=DIR         DBA: QDBM support
  --with-gdbm=DIR         DBA: GDBM support
  --with-ndbm=DIR         DBA: NDBM support
  --with-db4=DIR          DBA: Oracle Berkeley DB 4.x or 5.x support
  --with-db3=DIR          DBA: Oracle Berkeley DB 3.x support
  --with-db2=DIR          DBA: Oracle Berkeley DB 2.x support
  --with-db1=DIR          DBA: Oracle Berkeley DB 1.x support/emulation
  --with-dbm=DIR          DBA: DBM support
  --without-cdb=DIR       DBA: CDB support (bundled)
  --with-libxml-dir=DIR   DOM: libxml2 install prefix
  --with-enchant=DIR     Include enchant support.
                          GNU Aspell version 1.1.3 or higher required.
  --with-pcre-dir           FILTER: pcre install prefix
  --with-openssl-dir=DIR  FTP: openssl install prefix
  --with-gd=DIR         Include GD support.  DIR is the GD library base
                          install directory BUNDLED
  --with-jpeg-dir=DIR     GD: Set the path to libjpeg install prefix
  --with-png-dir=DIR      GD: Set the path to libpng install prefix
  --with-zlib-dir=DIR     GD: Set the path to libz install prefix
  --with-xpm-dir=DIR      GD: Set the path to libXpm install prefix
  --with-freetype-dir=DIR GD: Set the path to FreeType 2 install prefix
  --with-t1lib=DIR        GD: Include T1lib support. T1lib version >= 5.0.0 required
  --with-gettext=DIR    Include GNU gettext support
  --with-gmp=DIR        Include GNU MP support
  --with-mhash=DIR      Include mhash support
  --without-iconv=DIR   Exclude iconv support
  --with-imap=DIR       Include IMAP support. DIR is the c-client install prefix
  --with-kerberos=DIR     IMAP: Include Kerberos support. DIR is the Kerberos install prefix
  --with-imap-ssl=DIR     IMAP: Include SSL support. DIR is the OpenSSL install prefix
  --with-interbase=DIR  Include InterBase support.  DIR is the InterBase base
                          install directory /usr/interbase
  --with-icu-dir=DIR      Specify where ICU libraries and headers can be found
  --with-ldap=DIR       Include LDAP support
  --with-ldap-sasl=DIR    LDAP: Include Cyrus SASL support
  --with-libmbfl=DIR      MBSTRING: Use external libmbfl.  DIR is the libmbfl base
                            install directory BUNDLED
  --with-onig=DIR         MBSTRING: Use external oniguruma. DIR is the oniguruma install prefix.
                            If DIR is not set, the bundled oniguruma will be used
  --with-mcrypt=DIR     Include mcrypt support
  --with-mssql=DIR      Include MSSQL-DB support.  DIR is the FreeTDS home
                          directory /usr/local/freetds
  --with-mysql=DIR      Include MySQL support.  DIR is the MySQL base
                          directory.  If mysqlnd is passed as DIR,
                          the MySQL native driver will be used /usr/local
  --with-mysql-sock=DIR   MySQL/MySQLi/PDO_MYSQL: Location of the MySQL unix socket pointer.
                            If unspecified, the default locations are searched
  --with-zlib-dir=DIR     MySQL: Set the path to libz install prefix
  --with-mysqli=FILE    Include MySQLi support.  FILE is the path
                          to mysql_config.  If mysqlnd is passed as FILE,
                          the MySQL native driver will be used mysql_config
  --with-oci8=DIR       Include Oracle Database OCI8 support. DIR defaults to \$ORACLE_HOME.
                          Use --with-oci8=instantclient,/path/to/instant/client/lib
                          to use an Oracle Instant Client installation
  --with-adabas=DIR     Include Adabas D support /usr/local
  --with-sapdb=DIR      Include SAP DB support /usr/local
  --with-solid=DIR      Include Solid support /usr/local/solid
  --with-ibm-db2=DIR    Include IBM DB2 support /home/db2inst1/sqllib
  --with-ODBCRouter=DIR Include ODBCRouter.com support /usr
  --with-empress=DIR    Include Empress support \$EMPRESSPATH
                          (Empress Version >= 8.60 required)
  --with-empress-bcs=DIR
                          Include Empress Local Access support \$EMPRESSPATH
                          (Empress Version >= 8.60 required)
  --with-birdstep=DIR   Include Birdstep support /usr/local/birdstep
  --with-custom-odbc=DIR
                          Include user defined ODBC support. DIR is ODBC install base
                          directory /usr/local. Make sure to define CUSTOM_ODBC_LIBS and
                          have some odbc.h in your include dirs. f.e. you should define
                          following for Sybase SQL Anywhere 5.5.00 on QNX, prior to
                          running this configure script:
                              CPPFLAGS=\"-DODBC_QNX -DSQLANY_BUG\"
                              LDFLAGS=-lunix
                              CUSTOM_ODBC_LIBS=\"-ldblib -lodbc\"
  --with-iodbc=DIR      Include iODBC support /usr/local
  --with-esoob=DIR      Include Easysoft OOB support /usr/local/easysoft/oob/client
  --with-unixODBC=DIR   Include unixODBC support /usr/local
  --with-dbmaker=DIR    Include DBMaker support
  --with-pdo-dblib=DIR    PDO: DBLIB-DB support.  DIR is the FreeTDS home directory
  --with-pdo-firebird=DIR PDO: Firebird support.  DIR is the Firebird base
                            install directory /opt/firebird
  --with-pdo-mysql=DIR    PDO: MySQL support. DIR is the MySQL base directory
                                 If mysqlnd is passed as DIR, the MySQL native
                                 native driver will be used /usr/local
  --with-zlib-dir=DIR       PDO_MySQL: Set the path to libz install prefix
  --with-pdo-oci=DIR      PDO: Oracle OCI support. DIR defaults to \$ORACLE_HOME.
                            Use --with-pdo-oci=instantclient,prefix,version
                            for an Oracle Instant Client SDK.
                            For example on Linux with 11.2 RPMs use:
                            --with-pdo-oci=instantclient,/usr,11.2
                            With 10.2 RPMs use:
                            --with-pdo-oci=instantclient,/usr,10.2.0.4
  --with-pdo-odbc=flavour,dir
                            PDO: Support for 'flavour' ODBC driver.
                            include and lib dirs are looked for under 'dir'.

                            'flavour' can be one of:  ibm-db2, iODBC, unixODBC, generic
                            If ',dir' part is omitted, default for the flavour
                            you have selected will used. e.g.:

                              --with-pdo-odbc=unixODBC

                            will check for unixODBC under /usr/local. You may attempt
                            to use an otherwise unsupported driver using the \"generic\"
                            flavour.  The syntax for generic ODBC support is:

                              --with-pdo-odbc=generic,dir,libname,ldflags,cflags

                            When build as shared the extension filename is always pdo_odbc.so
  --with-pdo-pgsql=DIR    PDO: PostgreSQL support.  DIR is the PostgreSQL base
                            install directory or the path to pg_config
  --without-pdo-sqlite=DIR
                            PDO: sqlite 3 support.  DIR is the sqlite base
                            install directory BUNDLED
  --with-pgsql=DIR      Include PostgreSQL support.  DIR is the PostgreSQL
                          base install directory or the path to pg_config
  --with-pspell=DIR     Include PSPELL support.
                          GNU Aspell version 0.50.0 or higher required
  --with-libedit=DIR    Include libedit readline replacement (CLI/CGI only)
  --with-readline=DIR   Include readline support (CLI/CGI only)
  --with-recode=DIR     Include recode support
  --with-mm=DIR           SESSION: Include mm support for session storage
  --with-libxml-dir=DIR     SimpleXML: libxml2 install prefix
  --with-snmp=DIR       Include SNMP support
  --with-openssl-dir=DIR  SNMP: openssl install prefix
  --with-libxml-dir=DIR     SOAP: libxml2 install prefix
  --without-sqlite=DIR    Do not include sqlite support.  DIR is the sqlite base
                          install directory BUNDLED
  --with-sybase-ct=DIR  Include Sybase-CT support.  DIR is the Sybase home
                          directory /home/sybase
  --with-tidy=DIR       Include TIDY support
  --with-libxml-dir=DIR     WDDX: libxml2 install prefix
  --with-libexpat-dir=DIR   WDDX: libexpat dir for XMLRPC-EPI (deprecated)
  --with-libxml-dir=DIR     XML: libxml2 install prefix
  --with-libexpat-dir=DIR   XML: libexpat install prefix (deprecated)
  --with-libxml-dir=DIR     XMLReader: libxml2 install prefix
  --with-xmlrpc=DIR     Include XMLRPC-EPI support
  --with-libxml-dir=DIR     XMLRPC-EPI: libxml2 install prefix
  --with-libexpat-dir=DIR   XMLRPC-EPI: libexpat dir for XMLRPC-EPI (deprecated)
  --with-iconv-dir=DIR      XMLRPC-EPI: iconv dir for XMLRPC-EPI
  --with-libxml-dir=DIR     XMLWriter: libxml2 install prefix
  --with-xsl=DIR        Include XSL support.  DIR is the libxslt base
                          install directory (libxslt >= 1.1.0 required)
  --with-zlib-dir=DIR     ZIP: Set the path to libz install prefix
  --with-pcre-dir           ZIP: pcre install prefix
  --with-zlib-dir=DIR       mysqlnd: Set the path to libz install prefix
  --with-pear=DIR         Install PEAR in DIR PREFIX/lib/php
  --without-pear          Do not install PEAR
  --with-zend-vm=TYPE     Set virtual machine dispatch method. Type is
                          one of "CALL", "SWITCH" or "GOTO" TYPE=CALL
  --with-tsrm-pth=pth-config
                          Use GNU Pth
  --with-tsrm-st          Use SGI's State Threads
  --with-tsrm-pthreads    Use POSIX threads (default)
  --with-gnu-ld           assume the C compiler uses GNU ld default=no
  --with-pic              try to use only PIC/non-PIC objects default=use both
  --with-tags=TAGS      include additional configurations automatic


Some influential environment variables:
  CC          C compiler command
  CFLAGS      C compiler flags
  LDFLAGS     linker flags, e.g. -L<lib dir> if you have libraries in a
              nonstandard directory <lib dir>
  CPPFLAGS    C/C++ preprocessor flags, e.g. -I<include dir> if you have
              headers in a nonstandard directory <include dir>
  CPP         C preprocessor
  CXX         C++ compiler command
  CXXFLAGS    C++ compiler flags
  CXXCPP      C++ preprocessor

Use these variables to override the choices made by `configure' or to help
it to find libraries and programs with nonstandard names/locations.
```

- 版本：5.3.23
- 时间：14 Mar 2013
- [下载地址](https://museum.php.net/php5/php-5.3.23.tar.gz)
- sha256：
- md5：9cd92b0de2b51dcd372f46fa623984f4
